# RocketCyber API PowerShell Wrapper

This PowerShell module acts as a wrapper for the [RocketCyber](https://www.rocketcyber.com/) API.

---

## Introduction

The RocketCyber's API offers users the ability to extract data from RocketCyber into third-party reporting tools.
- Full documentation for RocketCyber's RESTful API can be found [here](https://api-doc.rocketcyber.com).

This module serves to abstract away the details of interacting with RocketCyber's API endpoints in such a way that is consistent with PowerShell nomenclature. This gives system administrators and PowerShell developers a convenient and familiar way of using RocketCyber's API to create documentation scripts, automation, and integrations.

### Function Naming

RocketCyber features a REST API that makes use of common HTTPs GET actions. In order to maintain PowerShell best practices, only approved verbs are used.
- GET -> Get-

Additionally, PowerShell's `verb-noun` nomenclature is respected. Each noun is prefixed with `RocketCyber` in an attempt to prevent naming problems.

For example, one might access the `/account` API endpoint by running the following PowerShell command with the appropriate parameters:

```posh
Get-RocketCyberAccount -id 12345
```

---

## Install & Import

This module can be installed directly from the [PowerShell Gallery](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/RocketCyberAPI) with the following command:
- :information_source: This module supports PowerShell 5.0+ and should work in PowerShell Core.
```posh
Install-Module -Name RocketCyberAPI
```

If you are running an older version of PowerShell, or if PowerShellGet is unavailable, you can manually download the *Master* branch and place the *RocketCyberAPI* folder into the (default) `C:\Program Files\WindowsPowerShell\Modules` folder.

After installation (by either methods), load the module into your workspace:

```posh
Import-Module RocketCyberAPI
```

---
## Initial Setup

After importing this module, you will need to configure both the *base URI* & *API access token* that are used to talk with the RocketCyber API.

1. Run `Add-RocketCyberBaseURI`
   - By default, RocketCyber's `https://api-us.rocketcyber.com/v2/account` uri is used.
   - If you have your own API gateway or proxy, you may put in your own custom uri by specifying the `-base_uri` parameter:
     -  `Add-RocketCyberBaseURI -base_uri http://myapi.gateway.example.com`
<br><br>


2. Run `Add-RocketCyberAPIKey`
   - It will prompt you to enter in your API access token
   - RocketCyber API access tokens are generated by going to *RocketCyber > Provider Settings > RocketCyber API*
<br><br>

[optional]
1. Run `Export-RocketCyberModuleSettings`
   - This will create a config file at `%UserProfile%\RocketCyberAPI` that securely holds the *base uri* & *API access token* information.
   - Next time you run `Import-Module -Name RocketCyberAPI`, this configuration file will automatically be loaded.
      - :warning: Exporting module settings encrypts your API access token in a format that can **only be unencrypted with your Windows account**. It makes use of PowerShell's `System.Security.SecureString` type, which uses reversible encrypted tied to your user principal. This means that you cannot copy your configuration file to another computer or user account and expect it to work.
      - :warning: Exporting and importing module settings requires use of the `ConvertTo-SecureString` cmdlet, which is currently buggy in Linux & Mac PowerShell core ports.

---
## Usage

Calling an API resource is as simple as running `Get-RocketCyber<resourceName>`
   - The following is a table of supported functions and their corresponding API resources:
   - Table entries with [ `-` ] indicate that the functionality is NOT supported by the RocketCyber API at this time.

| API Resource       | Create    | Read                             | Update    | Delete    |
| -----------------  | --------- | -------------------------------- | --------- | --------- |
| Account            | -         | `Get-RocketCyberAccount`         | -         | -         |
| Agents             | -         | `Get-RocketCyberAgents`          | -         | -         |
| Apps               | -         | `Get-RocketCyberApps`            | -         | -         |
| Customers *        | -         | `Get-RocketCyberCustomers`       | -         | -         |
| DefenderHealth     | -         | `Get-RocketCyberDefenderHealth`  | -         | -         |
| DefenderRisk       | -         | `Get-RocketCyberDefenderRisk`    | -         | -         |
| Events             | -         | `Get-RocketCyberEvents`          | -         | -         |
| Firewalls          | -         | `Get-RocketCyberFirewalls`       | -         | -         |
| Incidents          | -         | `Get-RocketCyberIncidents`       | -         | -         |
| Office             | -         | `Get-RocketCyberOffice`          | -         | -         |

:warning: `Get-RocketCyberCustomers` is a special case. It is **NOT** an endpoint in RocketCyber API, but is included to make it easier to get customer account data from a parent account.

Each `Get-RocketCyber*` function will respond with the raw data that RocketCyber's API provides. Returned data is not structured the same and varies between commands

---
## Wiki & Help :blue_book:

Some resources allow for filters and parameters to be used to specify the desired output from RocketCyber's API. Check out the wiki article on [Using Filters and Parameters](https://github.com/Celerium/RocketCyber-PowerShellWrapper/wiki/Using-Filters-and-Parameters).

  - A full list of functions can be retrieved by running `Get-Command -Module RocketCyberAPI`.
  - Help info and a list of parameters can be found by running `Get-Help <command name>`, such as:

```posh
Get-Help Get-RocketCyberAccount
Get-Help Get-RocketCyberAccount -Full
```
For more information about using this module, as well as examples and advanced functionality, check out the [wiki](https://github.com/Celerium/RocketCyber-PowerShellWrapper/wiki)!

---
## ToDo List :dart:

- [ ] Build more robust Pester & ScriptAnalyzer tests
- [ ] Build a better API parameter to more securely handle API keys
- [ ] Figure out how to do CI & PowerShell gallery automation